If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
If you're going through hell keep going.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
You can do anything, but not everything.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place.
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it -- teach yourself to be impatient.
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you.
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to doDon't wish it were easier, wish you were better.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like.
Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals.
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavour.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
There is nothing permanent except change.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
The only journey is the one within.
Good judgement comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgement.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
Do all things with love.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Where there is love there is life.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
